c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\ValidaCartaoCredito.dll.config
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\ValidaCartaoCredito.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\ValidaCartaoCredito.pdb
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\obj\Debug\ValidaCartaoCredito.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\obj\Debug\ValidaCartaoCredito.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\obj\Debug\ValidaCartaoCredito.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\ValidaCartaoCredito.dll.config
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\ValidaCartaoCredito.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\ValidaCartaoCredito.pdb
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\obj\Debug\ValidaCartaoCredito.dll
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\obj\Debug\ValidaCartaoCredito.pdb
D:\ValidaCartaoCredito\ValidaCartaoCredito\obj\Debug\ValidaCartaoCredito.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\ValidaCartaoCredito.dll.config
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\ValidaCartaoCredito.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\ValidaCartaoCredito.pdb
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\obj\Debug\ValidaCartaoCredito.dll
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\obj\Debug\ValidaCartaoCredito.pdb
F:\ValidaCartaoCredito2\ValidaCartaoCredito\obj\Debug\ValidaCartaoCredito.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
